 --> mandelbrot_top_pkg
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/enable_deglitch --> enable_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /down_deglitch  --> down_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /horizontal_accumulator --> horizontal_accumulator
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /left_degltich --> left_degltich
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /right_deglitch --> right_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /up_deglitch --> up_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /vertical_accumulator --> vertical_accumulator
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /zoom_accumulator --> zoom_accumulator
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /zoom_in_deglitch --> zoom_in_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler /zoom_out_deglitch --> zoom_out_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/keyboard_handler  --> keyboard_handler
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/mandelbroot_pipeline/mandelbroot_array --> mandelbroot_array
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/mandelbroot_pipeline --> mandelbroot_pipeline
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/plane_converter  --> plane_converter
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/vga_driver/horizontal_ranges --> horizontal_ranges
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/vga_driver/vertical_ranges  --> vertical_ranges
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core/vga_driver --> vga_driver
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/mandelbrot_core --> mandelbrot_core
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top/video_test_deglitch --> video_test_deglitch
mandelbrot_fpga/mandelbrot_top --> mandelbrot_top
